back to the lines and tom is next on the
line hi Tom sorry Tony I've got the
wrong one sorry tone hi Tony hey leo hey
RI thankful I called you Tom sorry T
Antonia Tony yeah um how I arrangement
you know what do you think um well i'd
like to see stratton because 02 season
goes i try to get hug him he tried get
hugs the sale TV yeah and huckster he
said he turned it down he he said I'd
rather so in origin and take less wise
as you know and let you know I think
strike and being a vote for the job and
get headaches back polity in the game
what about the argument that we've had
from from a few people low tone is that
there's no wait ohh thats too because he
couldn't afford him well yeah yeah well
I don't now really yes I mean I'd like
to see him get somebody who got some
experience oh I mean Hasselbaink he has
no experience like Danny end you know
it's apparently that one also we believe
I Garrett room after room after room
apparently it's been it's been knocked
on the head and until we get the chris
can make his way back here we can hear
from the chief exec himself yeah like i
say we're going on rumor but apparently
it isn't going to be Jimmy flu
Hasselbaink I know I thought so the
rumor mill will continues all the other
than struck and Tony anybody any of the
other names I mean we've had ad booth or
mention mark Robbins is on our side so
here now I even bought a lot of money
buddy you know I'm really need it rather
me I can't be on so much money they are
goody and he goes invariant any and he's
got the link to the club as well yeah I
mean yeah I mainly was a blur i mean
i've been supporting city and since the
1950s you know and I'm disappointed you
know I was disappointed when he when he
got rid of hooks you know I mean if we
did a classy know silly way to kept up
Sony which we can't do that argument
again will be if Olivia till midnight on
relapse man you know but they go but
we'll see what happened then we okay
Tony thanks very much for your opinion
thanks for joining us we'll move on